    Q1. Create an abstract class account with the following details.
    It comprises of following data members i.e. balance, acc. no, acc. holder's 
    name, address
    It consists of following methods:- withdral, deposit, display.
    Withdraw and deposit are abstract methods. Display method is used to show the
    balance of the account number.
    Create a sub class of this(account) class savings_account and add the
    following details:- members:-rate_of_interest. methods:- calcu_amount,
    display(used to display rate of interese with new balance and full account
    holder details).
    Create another sub class of the account class i.e. current_account with the
    following details. Members:-over_draft_limit. Methods:-display(shows over
    draft limit along with the full account holder details.)

    Create object of these 2 classes in the main class and call their methods.
    Use appropriate constructors for providig values.

    Q2.Design an interface named infacex, with the method reverse that reverses
    the digits of a number. Write a main class to test this interface.



    Q3.Create an interface named shape that contains method named as number of 
    sides. Provide 3 classes named trapezoid, triange and hexagon, such that each
    one of the classes contains only the method no. of sides(that contains no. of
    sides in the given geometrical figure. Write a main class to test all these 
    classes and use constructors if required.

    Q4.Create an interface named infaceA having method named as mean which
    calculates the mean of the given number arranged in an array. This interface
    is then extended(infaceB) that calculates the deviation from the mean value 
    evaluated for each of the numbers. Write a class and main class to test these
    interfaces
    
    Q5.Create an interface named rodent, it consists of display method.
    Implement rodent interface in the classes named as Mouse, Garvil, Hamster.
    Define method named as show in all the three classes which shows the
    behaviour of different categories(mouse, garvil, hamster). Create an array of
    rodent, fill it with different specific types of rodent and display its
    property.
